I'll just leave this here.
Don't think anything of it.
I know you've done a few books with Yale, but you fundamentally are working on the Benjamin Franklin project.
Well, that's an overstatement in a way.
I've been for a long time on the board, administrative board that oversees the
Franklin papers.
I see.
And was, until last year, or this year, I guess, was chairman of the board.
Board?
Of that project.
Only meets once a year to approve the budget.
And it used to be sometimes they try to raise it.
Right, right.
Which has been a continual problem with all the founding fathers.
That's another story I was thinking about.
And I guess the idea that here we are in the 21st century, and I guess it's gratifying that there are presses that continue to be committed to these really big, ambitious publishing projects.
And they are losers as far as the budget.
They sell usually less than a thousand a year.
Is that right?
the volume that comes out that year.
And it will have had a huge amount of money put into the opening of it to begin with and then to the manufacture of it by the press.
So it is certainly a noble undertaking for the presses.
I'm sure you could talk a little bit about your conviction that it is a worthwhile
endeavor to continue to do in this age of electronic books, the fact that we should still continue to produce a printed book, as opposed to, say, out of the University of California, Berkeley, not meaning to jump on one institution, but where, let's say, the Mark Twain project is in particular jeopardy because there is a feeling that
As you say, it's a loser financially on the one hand, and that there is a school of thought that perhaps it could be done better electronically.
I don't necessarily subscribe to that.
I don't see why we can't do both.
Nor do I, and it's an interesting fact that electronic publication has been found to increase the sales.
Really?
Of books.
Oxford has experienced that.
Yale may have, that when a book is published electronically, it does not decrease the sale of the hard copies.
In a way, the question is, well, why spend the money?
Why do it?
It's just a lot more pleasurable.
to hard copy.
It's perhaps, I don't know, I suppose it varies.
I have a CD-ROM of all the Franklin papers published and it was made by the Packard Humanities Institute.
And it's much easier to use if you're looking for something.
It isn't easier to use if you're sitting down to read the volumes.
But if you're looking for something in a volume, you can find it.
It's a lot easier on the screen.
Of course.
You have a database and you do a keyword search.
I'm now doing a reader of the Franklin Papers.
I'm going to publish next year.
And for that purpose, it's much easier.
I've cut the...
the CD-ROM onto the hard drive of the computer, and I simply print out the .
Isn't that wonderful?
Yeah, it's fabulous.
Yeah, it is.
It's fabulous.
The book I just finished and sent off to Harper's, which is publishing this fall, I had a quote from Edward Gibbon.
And, of course, I found the quote.
And as often happens with quotes, they never give you the source.
They never give you the provenance.
And I refused to use any quote unless I could nail down exactly where it's from.
So I called up a full text of The Decline and Fall.
I thought it might be in his memoir, which is what I've been quoting at length, is where he talks about his full text.
How did you get the full text, anyway?
Well, it's right online.
You just go to Gutenberg, it's called the Gutenberg Project, and you can get a full text.
It's like, you know, it's the whole thing.
So you call up the full text, and then you just type in, you know, a few key words of that quote, and it just pops.
It was in his preface to volume four of his six-volume history.
You know, many thousands of words into it, which I would have found at some point, and I'd been flipping through it, but I had no clue.
And, you know, I had it within seconds, and then, of course, I could cite it properly and make sure I had it quoted properly, too.
Well, the Packard Humanities Institute, which put all the Franklin papers, published and unpublished, onto the CDM, is also supporting the other founding fathers papers.
A lot of people think that books are still worthwhile.
That's right.
Well, of course, a lot of it depends on, is it NEH funding?
Yeah, it does.
And if they decide that they are going to pull the plot, then an institution like Yale is going to have to decide whether or not they want to fund it or they can get the funding from another source.
That's right.
So that must, I would imagine, that's a continuing concern.
It's a big problem.
If I interrupted you, it's okay.
But you were going to say something, I'm sorry.
Can't think quite.
Well, so you, God knows how many books you've written.
Several dozen.
No, no.
Twelve or fifteen.
I did a search of some of them, and so many of them are almost iconic.
And they're really published largely with the trade, I guess.
Yeah.
I've published two books with the press.
The first one was The Life of Ezra Stiles, one of the General Puritan, which I gave to the Yale Press, largely because Ezra Stiles was the president of Yale, and thought that they would have a larger market for us.
I spent ten years in major... I've written three or four books in which I spent up to ten years in
I was wrong, whether I was wrong about the Yale Press or just plain wrong, I don't know.
The book was published in 1963, I think, and since then it has sold maybe 3,000 copies.
Are you happy you did it?
Yeah, it's one of the best books they ever wrote.
But it's not sales than that.
It was intended—I learned something by it.
It was intended—Visner Stiles had his finger into everything intellectually.
It was written as an intellectual history of 18th century knowledge, run from Perry Miller's.
Yes.
Really?
But biographies of minor figures, number one.
do not sell, and number two are not a good way to introduce people to a larger subject, which they are maybe a very good way of getting it, but that's not the way people see them.
Because I was about two years into it when the Adams papers were opened up.
and the Massachusetts Historical Society engaged in this thing.
And a life of John Adams would have.
would have emerged from that.
Sold a lot.
That would have been— Look at David McCullough.
No, I'm not David, but he does, right?
But the point is, Adams had largely been forgotten, and he more or less— He certainly put him on the map.
—put him back on the map.
I have quite a profile of David in my new book coming out this fall, and also Robert Coles, who was a student of Perry Miller at Harvard.
My new book is titled Every Book Its Reader, The Power of the Printed Word to Stir the World.
It's about books that do things.
I wouldn't presume to say they change the world, but they certainly have their impact and they make things happen.
But I was really very interested to talk to Dr. Coles about his conviction that literature helps make better physicians and how he was so instrumental in bringing that particular expert.
Anyway, so this was 1963, which means you would have started in about 1953, and did you think at the time that there would be an audience, a readership for this book?
Because you said, you know, biographies of minor figures do not sell.
Is this something that you now can say in retrospect, or is it a conviction that you... But the reason for my doing it was, I had just finished a book on the Stamp Act crisis, which I spent on an equal amount, and one of the interesting things I'd come across was a notebook on the Stamp Act crisis by Ezra Stiles.
There were 20,000 other manuscripts in the library by Ezra Siles.
I thought, hey, nobody had ever used that massive to get at 18th century New England history.
And I thought it was a great opportunity, and it was.
It did what I wanted it to do.
People haven't used it for that, but no, I'm quite happy with it.
Did you proceed with the expectation that it would be a Yale Press book?
It was supposed to be a North Carolina Press, because that was subsidized to the tune of $500 by the Institute of Early American History, and their publisher was North Carolina.
And so I got special permission to let the Yale Press
because they wouldn't have a much better distribution.
And plus the Yale Connection is good, too.
Yeah.
Well, they didn't, anyhow.
It kind of says something for a university.
I mean, I doubt if you would have undertaken this project if there wasn't a university press out there that you expected would be.
That's an interesting question.
Would you have written this book if you thought it would never get published?
Yeah, I mean, I know for myself, because I make my living, you know, from writing, and I have to enter these projects with the expectation that I'll publish.
I went to ask Perry Miller that question, and he said, yes, absolutely, and I said, I don't believe you.
Not necessarily so, because that's, you know, who can predict.
Not necessarily to have it, but to have it, not to have it published.
But not to have it published.
I don't think I, it would lose something.
in your drive to do it.
I think so.
But the immediate interest was the opportunity that this mass of manuscripts offered me to say something about New England intellectual history that I wouldn't have been able to say and that nobody else had said, because there must be something in Holland's papers.
They're all correspondence for the most part, as well as essays by himself.
Let me ask you a question, because you've written for both the trade and for University Press.
Do you write differently when you're writing for University Press?
No.
You don't.
I try to write as always for anybody.
We are celebrated as a writer of narrative.
The point I always made to my graduate students was that the audience you should
anticipate and expect and have in mind is someone who is more intelligent than you are.
So you never write down anybody.
You never condescend.
You assume that he's a man from Mars who's got this super intelligence and he doesn't know one damn thing about the Earth.
And your job is not only to teach him, but to entertain him, perhaps.
Keep him interested, I suppose.
Well, I never thought of that.
I thought in terms of always writing intelligibly.
Intelligibly to anyone.
Excessively.
Give everybody, anyone, all the information he needs to understand what you're saying.
You should have something to say, otherwise you shouldn't be writing.
But you should not assume that he knows that Columbus discovered America.
You should not assume that he knows that Georgia-Washington did so many.
And you don't need to... You can't say it so that you sound like teacher talking to put it in there somehow or other.
work it in.
You know, George Washington during his first term as our nation's first president is one way to kind of fold it into the narrative without any differently for any at all.
You know, one of the reps that I have always had
one of the criticisms that I have had, the university presses as a generic species, that I've always thought Yale has been wonderful.
But that in general, the books have so much promise when you see the title and you see the subject, but then you get into it and it's written for colleagues.
The language is so inaccessible, filled with jargon and
And all of the joy and the excitement of the story seems to be lost.
I'm sorry if that's the case.
I mean, there's no need for it to be.
Not for historians, any.
Not for historical works.
Maybe for scientists.
Maybe for scientists, but that kind of science should be in scientific journals.
Another thing that university presses, something that university presses have had going for it since the
Oh, early 20th century, is design.
Princeton and Yale.
Princeton had P.J.
Conkright, and Yale had Carl Rollins, and that was in the early part of the 20th century.
We're ace designers, so Princeton and Yale books were both very good to look at.
And to me, design is a very important thing in the book.
did a very good job with the book on Benjamin Franklin.
I published the old Vedovitz, was a designer, and she did a part of the success of that book, which is sold more than any other book ever.
And it's a Yale book?
Well, sold more as a trade book than I've written a couple of books that have been used in teaching and still are 50 years old.
But
for a trade book, for a book in its initial year.
This one sold well over 100,000 copies, anyhow.
In hardcover?
Yeah.
Wow.
And I attribute part of that to the design.
Really?
And that's a Yale book?
It's a Yale book.
100,000 copies?
Yeah, I think so.
Is that close to being—do you think that's one of the top Yale's best sells?
There's one to which it's not even close, and it's the only one that fed the press financially for a long time.
That's The Lonely Crowd.
It was back around 1923 or 1930s.
I don't know it.
You don't know it?
No.
I'm surprised because it was the big book of the...
1940s, 50s.
I just read Malcolm Cowley's book from 1939, The Books That Shaped Our Thought, you know, and that one's not in there.
And they were specifically looking at books of the 20th century, too, you know.
I'm sure that's still more than a million times.
What is there about it that makes it so resonant?
words that you use.
It divides people into different categories.
Social?
Yeah, it's entirely sociology.
David Reisman and, I think, maybe Reisman and Nathan, Nathan Glazer may have been.
Okay.
So, basically, you think is more in the academic field?
No, no, it wasn't popular.
It's a popular book?
Yeah, it was.
It was academic, too, but it, as a
Some people are inner-directed, some people are other-directed.
Oh, okay, sure, absolutely.
And other people are, I think I call them tradition-directed or something like that.
But whether people are inner-directed or other-directed was a big topic of conversation for a decade.
Wow.
So your best-selling book, personally, is the Benjamin Franklin book.
But it's a Yale book.
It's a Yale book, that's right.
As opposed to... Because Dorton is my usual publisher.
Which is a wonderful publisher.
It is.
I love that.
Fabulous.
The last great independent publisher.
The last great independent.
And it's a great press to work.
I've never worked for a better press.
I think, in general, university presses are harder to work for than commercials.
I miss out.
They told me the copy deadline on this is...
next year, which is fine.
I could do this.
I'm a quick writer.
But then they said, publication is 2008.
I said, 2008?
I said, two years?
I mean, I turn books around in eight, nine months.
It's amazing.
I mean, a year ago at this time, I was just doing, I was still doing interviews for my book.
Not only is it written, it's in the catalog for fall.
And it's, you know, I've already signed off on the dust jacket, for instance.
That's characteristic.
I mean, it's less so as they become more ambitious.
See, John Rydon as director of the press.
And I'm seeing him this afternoon, by the way.
Oh, he succeeded Chester Kerr.
And he more than doubled the number of books published every year.
He helped press into the...
Well, they operated in the black last year.
Did they?
I'm sure, but, you know, they're very pleased to point out.
I mean, I was even able to negotiate a little bit with them on the contract.
You know, they offered a number, and I said, well, look, I realize you can't give me what I get from Hogwarts on the one hand, but on the other hand, you have to make it reasonably worth money.
And so, you know, they were willing to...
It's interesting to go out with.
I don't see how they think they're going to sell a history of the old practice.
Yeah, they don't.
But I maintain with a bit of arrogance that I have a pretty good following of my own, you know.
You have a good enough book.
It'll sell it because of your name.
My people will buy... Your name will sell it.
Well, whenever it sells, but it'll sell more than... I told them, you know...
They're expecting 1,000 copies.
I said, I'm not going to waste my time on 1,000.
That's my attitude going on.
Maybe they're right.
But I expect to tell stories.
And I'm not going to do a very boring history of the press.
How can you do 100 years anyway in 50,000 words?
I want to have profiles of people such as yourself and talk about your experiences.
And you've given me some really wonderful insights here today.
Do you find it interesting that the press is operating in the black, for instance?
I think that's good, yeah.
Because they're still doing what is their mission, to publish things that trade presses will not publish, but that need to be available to scholars and need to express the work
of scholars that would not otherwise be exposed.
I mean, I see that Einstein's theory of relativity has just been regretted.
That's interesting.
How many people read it the first time?
It's one of these books that's respected but never read, you know.
Right.
How many people read it?
But changed the world.
But changed the world, exactly.
Owen Gingrich did a book, the book that nobody read.
It's about Copernicus.
That was an ironic title.
He spent 20 years traveling the world trying to study, doing actually a census of Copernicus, and trying to see what annotations might have been every first and second edition printing.
Did people read it?
What could you find out from this?
It's a pretty interesting book.
He published a book on it last year.
But again, one of those books that changes the world in a very profound way, but not necessarily everybody reads it, I guess.
They deserve to be published.
And that's the mission of a university press.
To state it once more, the mission of the university press, as you say, is to publish things that need to be available to scholars and not necessarily would be published by...
Anyone driven by profit.
Cop or First Rouse.
Norton probably would take a whack at us.
They might, but they're in business.
They're in business.
But if you've got a Patrick O'Brien over here.
Yeah, they do Patrick O'Brien.
They do Patrick O'Brien.
That kind of gives you the wherewithal to go out and do it.
And they do a lot of titles too, Norton.
They're very impressive.
I mean, Yale has about 300 books a year.
It's astonishing.
And what I didn't know is that the press had started, even though it was called Yale University Press, it really wasn't part of the university.
It was a private league.
It became a part of the university for tax purposes, I think.
Really?
Back in 1950.
Don't quote me on that, because I'm not sure what the real history is, but you can get it.
I remember it happening.
I was at the time, I think, on the board of the Yale Press.
So when you were on the board, what kinds of things did you drive the agenda, so to speak?
No, we didn't drive the agenda.
The board is a kind of filter, not quite a rubber stamp, but a filter for folks that are respectable.
But the director of the press is the person who redetermines the sort of direction of the publication of the thing gets accepted and what doesn't.
I think that, in general, a university press should generally, and this is assuming there's a lot of latitude, but try and in some way
follow the curriculum of the university.
And I've never heard this.
No, and they don't, in general, favor faculty authors.
They try to be national.
At least Yale Press always has.
I think the Harvard Press.
You'll find a lot of the academic books published by the Yale Press are not by Yale faculty.
And you think that's good.
Yeah.
I think it's good.
Yeah, it makes them independent.
They want to be independent.
They don't want to feel obliged to take a bad book by a Yale faculty member or whatever, a book that has no, not even large enough on audience.
Audience is important.
Even if it's only 1,000 copies or 2,000 copies?
It has to be important, yeah, even if it's only 1,000 copies.
It'll be a book at least that libraries are going to need.
You did that, you've done two books, I think you said, for you.
You did The Stiles Book and The Franklin Book.
And The Franklin Book is your personal bestseller?
Yeah.
Did that surprise you?
Uh...
Not so much because founding fathers were in Vogue, and Joe Ellis reminded me that he started the Vogue school as it is.
Also a Yale alum too, isn't he?
I guess he is.
Yeah.
He was just alum, a Yale graduate.
Well, he's made a pretty good impact on his own.
Yes, he has.
But I think biography in general is
I think every writer of nonfiction is really looking for that wonderful biography that hasn't been done.
But the one-volume biographies, the multi-volume biographies, which were very 19, what, 15?
Yeah, well, the Dumas Malone, six volumes of Jefferson, for instance.
Jefferson and Madison, my friend of mine.
So what?
They're good, too.
And he was a journalist.
Really?
No kidding.
Some of the best historical works have been written by people.
Could you throw a few names at me?
Claude Bowers was in the beginning of this century.
Albert Beveridge, Life of John Marshall in four volumes, was the sort of work on John Marshall, at least until he took a history course and a book on Pearl Harbor for the Rand Corporation.
The Beveridge Prize, which is the biggest prize.
It's named after Albert Beveridge.
It's the most prestigious historical prize.
Mm-hmm.
Prize for her.
And what was the title of her book?
Uh, Pearl Harbor Warning and Decision.
She published approximately.
Oh, gosh.
At Jenton.
This is approximately.
Sixties, I think.
It was Wohlstetter, Roberta Wohlstetter.
What's the name?
W-O-H-L-S-T-E-T-T-E-R.
She was in a family then, doesn't it?
Well, she's not a historian.
She didn't continue to be a historian.
She was in a house kind of a project.
Yeah.
And published by the Stanford University Press.
Isn't that great?
That's a great story.
It was published the same year my book on Ezra Stiles was published.
My book on Stiles won the Beverage Prize, but I won dead.
That's great.
Teaching and writing, have you always considered them?
Yeah.
Though I don't miss the teaching.
I wasn't teaching when I wrote the Franklin.
But I used to try out ideas in teaching for chapters of books and lectures.
With the students?
Mm-hmm.
If it works for me, yeah.
If it puts the students to sleep, there's something wrong with it.
But you apparently worked great, did a lot of work, you said 10 years on these books.
Yeah.
I don't know why, just doing research.
And writing, apparently narrative.
I do a lot of different drafts.
And you're looking for the elements of story, I guess.
I don't know.
I have a hard time judging my own work.
They've both been willing to read the thing as though they knew nothing about their PhD in history, but I feel it's 19th century history.
Straighter criticism for, you know, criticism.
And I love that.
Yeah.
To read it as though they were a person in the North.
I had two people read this book, which
and manuscript, who I say is my reader of first resort, as you do.
I always go to her first.
But she's involved in the process, so she knows what it's about.
But for this book, I found two gentlemen
who I would describe as common readers in the Samuel Judson, Virginia Woolf mold, the paradigm, where they're bright, they read books, but they don't know a blessed thing about my subjects.
That's what you want.
And just exactly what you're saying.
And I got some of the best trincisms.
What's this?
I was a ship designer, a ship architect from London who I still haven't met, but who had written me on my last couple of books with very perceptive observations of my books.
And I finally said, you know, his name is Dimitri Manthos.
I said, Dimitri, I still haven't met.
It's just been a correspondence with email and stuff.
And he's retired.
He's an emeritus from someplace.
And I said, you know, your criticisms are so good.
How about reading the next book?
When you can really do something, when you can really help me, you know, as opposed to coming to me after the fact and saying, gee, I wish you'd have done this or done that.
And he really had some wonderful, wonderful perceptions.
But that's exactly what you're looking for, I think.
That guy says, what the heck are you talking about here?
What is this?
I'm assuming that they... I had a thing I wrote on the student, graduate student's papers.
What at?
W-H-A-D-D-A-T question.
That's what I thought, yeah.
Excellent, wonderful.
I don't really mean to take up too much of your time, sir.
I really just wanted to touch base and to get some perceptions.
And if there's anything that you really thought...
important to share with me about the press.
That might make a good sound bite, as they say, or certainly send me on a direction.
If you were counseling someone who was embarking as I am on such a project, what is it that you'd like to know about?
What is it that you'd like to see in a centennial history of a press?
Something that has all of the earmarks of being a dull, boring kind of thing.
But what is it as a publishing story, as a book story, as a
There's a book about an enterprise, and maybe it's even an anachronism in this day and age where we are having so many different kinds of media.
You told me not to be shy, you know, works at all, too.
As with our trade house, the role of the director is the actress
of the old press have been very different in conception of what they were doing.
They left their mark, do you think?
John Ryden has certainly left his mark.
Chester Kerr was a totally different person.
What a style.
And so,
Did he put people, intimidate them, or was it pretty much my way or the highway kind of an attitude?
Well, he was so full of himself that, as I say, he did have style.
He and Kingman Brewster were great friends.
I mean, my style is something that you can't define.
But I would be pleased to hear you say a little bit more about it.
It's interesting to me.
Trust me, I'm not here to jump on the press, but stuff like this is good.
I think it's healthy.
Chester regarded the process as personal domain, that's for sure.
And maybe that's all right.
but he tended to ride roughshod over other people.
Who worked for him, or authors?
Yeah.
Well, the one example where I really crossed swords with him was the first editor of the Franklin papers was a re-ed teacher
Professor of Colonial History here.
I actually took his place.
About when?
About?
In 1955, I took his place.
There in the Franklin Papers.
And did a very good job in the first, I think, on the board by the time he retired.
Hi.
Oh, Toby.
Hey.
Hi.
Marie?
Yes.
Yo.
Hi, Mr. Basmage.
How are you?
I'm Nick Basmage.
How do you do?
I'm sorry for bursting in.
I had a problem.
I thought I would be back in Dutch's room later.
Oh, is that something?
No, no, I'm just bringing up the bag.
Okay, Toby.
I think I'm going to put Toby away so he can.
Toby.
Yeah, we're going out the door.
Come on, Toby, go.
We were talking about Jeff.
He did the first 15 volumes.
The history department at that point needed that 18th century British.
Bill Wilcox, who was teaching at the University of Michigan, would be a great friend for moving into the period when Franklin was in England, would be just an ideal choice.
So I got the history department to hire Wilcox there, part-time, and to be editor of the Franklin Board, to hire him as editor of Franklin.
I'm talking with Chester about this, and Chester regarded the Franklin papers as his project.
He was there.
And Bill issued himself be a member of this board, and Chester's hired him.
And I said, Chester, that's exactly what's wrong with you and always has been.
You think the people who work for you are hired hands.
Forget it.
I'm seeing to it that Bill is on that board.
And he was.
And I did.
But, you know, in those days I had some muscle.
But...
That's the kind of thing in which I thrust swords with Winchester and other people.
So I know you didn't quote that incident, but it's characteristic.
But it's okay if I pursue the observation that he did have his own sense of style and propriety.
And that he rubbed a lot of people the wrong way.
And if there's anything that I think is even slightly
controversial.
I'll go over it with you, if you'd like.
I don't mean to embarrass anybody with anything.
It's not the way I work.
John Ryder was a much more approachable person.
John Ryder seems to have come in from publishing, too.
Oh, yeah.
Which is a departure in its own way from publishing.
being secretary.
He was on the press in some capacity, and there was a big battle about who should be a successor.
I can't remember the name of his predecessor.
He was a...come from publishing, I think.
Current John, the director, comes directly from trade publishing.
That's right, yeah.
He knows my editor very well at Harper's Enfield, by the name of Hugh Van Dusen, who's been there for a long time.
He knows as many paid people in New York publishing as I do, or more, you know.
And to give a direction to... I think these projects that they're doing now, these annals of communism and the China books, are fabulous!
What wonderful!
publishing projects, really grand publishing projects, that you're not going to find anyone but a university press doing.
I think that's very important.
And they're successful.
So what could be better?
And their art books, I think, are totally fabulous.
And I think the finest art books, period.
They've had along the most successful books they had in sales, I think.
when Chester was director, were some quite popular and received.
And the Yale Presses had a no-good design.
Poland started it.
Who the principal designer is now, but there were Benevitz who did the design for my Franklin book.
Can you articulate
why you believe that design is so important, particularly?
Read a book in paperback.
It's just a matter of having decent margins.
The size of the type.
And you might have illustrations that you would not necessarily have, probably wouldn't have, of the paperback.
That isn't so important, I think, the illustrations.
You think they're not as important?
No.
But design?
The title page, design of the title page, the type, the typeface, the lettering.
So you pretty much selected the fonts that were used for your books?
I liked to have them consult me, which is something that Norton always did.
Yeah, my publisher does the same.
Yale Press never consulted me about the design of the Ezra Stiles.
They designed it in regard, you know, many presses work a book as theirs once it's out of your hands, once they get the paper, and they take the bit in their teeth.
In New York, it's a university press, emble along at a very slow pace, but with
Last consultation with the author, and I've always said, Norton has been the best.
They're wonderful.
I went to a function that Norton had a year or so ago in New York for one of their authors, and they very nicely said to me, I write the kinds of books that they love to publish.
And in fact, they have encouraged me to have my agent
And I'm doing this book, by the way, and I think we're about done with it.
I think an hour is plenty of time for it.
I think an interview is a lot like a lecture.
Over an hour, you tend to be covering the same material and...